[Docs] Add 8.16.5 release notes (#212688)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

Kibana platform::
* Fixes an issue with the global search field that could open the wrong page when pressing "Enter" while results were not yet fully loaded ({kibana-pull}197750[#197750]).

[[release-notes-8.16.5]]
== {kib} 8.16.5

The 8.16.5 release includes the following bug fixes.

[float]
[[enhancement-v8.16.5]]
=== Enhancements
Elastic Observability solution::
* Improve performance in `dependencies` endpoints to prevent high CPU usage ({kibana-pull}209999[#209999]).
Management::
* Increase search timeout toast lifetime to 1 week ({kibana-pull}210576[#210576]).

[float]
[[fixes-v8.16.5]]
=== Bug fixes
Alerting::
* Fixes error message in cases list if case assignee is an empty string ({kibana-pull}209973[#209973]).
* Provides a fallback view to recover from Stack Alerts page filters bar errors ({kibana-pull}209559[#209559]).
* Fixes an issue where the popover in the rules page may get stuck when being clicked more than once ({kibana-pull}208996[#208996]).
Dashboards and Visualizations::
* Fixes link settings not persisting ({kibana-pull}211041[#211041]).

> * Fixes Save to library action from a by value panel breaks the chart panel ({kibana-pull}210125[#210125]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes the Save to library action that could break the chart panel when triggered from a from a "by value" panel ({kibana-pull}210125[#210125]).
```

Author: Oops, missed that one! Thank you
